Revert target to ES2017 (#13914)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/extension_migration.rst

.. _extension_migration:

Extension Migration Guide
=========================

.. _extension_migration_3.5_3.6:

JupyterLab 3.5 to 3.6
---------------------

AsyncIterable Support
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For the events service, we are using a JavaScript feature introduced in ES2018. If your code is

> using TypeScript with ES2017 target (as JupyterLab 3.6), you will have either to update your
> target to ES2018 or to add ``"ES2018"`` to `TypeScript lib option <https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#lib>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using TypeScript with ES2017 target (as JupyterLab 3.6), you will either need to update your
target to ES2018 or add ``"ES2018"`` to the `TypeScript lib option <https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#lib>`_.
```

.. note::

>     JupyterLab 3.6.0 was released with an updated target "ES2018". We strongly advice updating to 3.6.1
>     that revert the target to "ES2017".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    JupyterLab 3.6.0 was released with an updated target "ES2018". We strongly advise updating to 3.6.1,
    which reverts the target back to "ES2017".
```
